DOC: improved description of DAGrunner purpose (#123)
MetOffice/dagrunner: README.md

# <img src="docs/logo.svg" alt="dagrunner_icon" width=200px>![](https://placehold.co/600x200/transparent/929292?text=DAGrunner)

> DAGrunner is an abstraction layer for executing Directed Acyclic Graphs (DAGs), providing portability and standardization across different schedulers. Rather than building your graph execution logic around a specific scheduler (such as Dask or Ray), DAGrunner enables you to define your graph once in networkx format and execute it with any supported scheduler without modifying your underlying graph definition. It decouples the scientific configuration and graph recipe from execution concerns, ensuring that your graph remains independent of scheduling technology choices. Additionally, DAGrunner provides a unified tooling layer that includes scheduler-agnostic graph visualization, scheduler-independent logging and monitoring, and other operational utilities—allowing you to maintain consistent workflows regardless of which backend scheduler you choose.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
DAGrunner is an abstraction layer for executing Directed Acyclic Graphs (DAGs), providing portability and standardization across different schedulers. Rather than building your graph execution logic around a specific scheduler (such as [Dask](https://www.dask.org/) or [Ray](https://docs.ray.io/en/latest/index.html)), DAGrunner enables you to define your graph once in [NetworkX](https://networkx.org/en/) format and execute it with any supported scheduler without modifying your underlying graph definition. It decouples the scientific configuration and graph recipe from execution concerns, ensuring that your graph remains independent of scheduling technology choices. Additionally, DAGrunner provides a unified tooling layer that includes scheduler-agnostic graph visualization, scheduler-independent logging and monitoring, and other operational utilities, allowing you to maintain consistent workflows regardless of which back-end scheduler you choose.
```
